To provide the best experiences, we use technologies such as cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Failure to consent or withdrawal of consent may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Cookie policy
Privacy statement
Full List
AI Categories
AI Tutorials
+ More
Sign up
Full List
AI Categories
AI Tutorials
+ More
New AI Tools
Free AI Tools
AI News Today
Bonus & Extras
Submit an AI
Sign up
Reach a Premium Audience of AI Professionals

Connect with over 500,000+ AI professionals and users who trust our platform for top-quality AI tools.

500,000+
visitors per month
4x
AIxploria traffic growth in 6 months
54%
of visitors use desktop
200+
countries reached by our visitors
By joining AIxploria, you can present your tool to an audience of AI professionals and users.|
Submit AI

List your AI tools and get direct traffic

Advertise AI ★

Featured and highlighted on all the site

Update AI

Quickly update your tool information

Submit GPT

Add your GPT to the list and get new users

Due to a high volume of submissions, processing may occasionally take up to 48 hours longer than usual. Thanks for your patience!
Fast Listing
$79(one time fee)
Why we charge
Published within 5 business days
With extra features
Listing includes
Listed in "Latest AI" on home page + Full AI List
Description of up to 165 characters
An extra link to your product page
Indexed on Google
Submit your website
Most Popular
Verified Listing
$279(one time fee)
Why we charge
Published within 2 business days
Ability to add long texts and media
Listing includes
All "Fast Listing" features
Verified blue check mark for trust
Listed in "Latest AI" on home page + Full AI List
3 extra links to your product page
You can write a text of up to 1000 words
Add media: videos, audio and images
60 days in "AIxploria Selection" on Homepage
Submit your website
Featured Ads
$399
AI tool displayed almost everywhere
Featured duration: 3 days
Includes
Gold Checkmark for Maximum Trust
3 days featured on the website
Featured on all categories pages & home page
Featured on Full AI List and all product pages
+7 days on home page among the 8 featured
Book a place
All transactions are secure and encrypted with Stripe
Disclosure of terms

All tool submissions are subject to rigorous editorial review. We reserve the right to refuse or remove any tool from the site if, at any time, its characteristics are deemed inappropriate or unsuitable for our audience.

Please note that we do not accept NSFW tools

Why Choose Our Directory

The Most Trusted AI Directory Platform

Trusted Platform

Carefully curated listings ensuring quality and reliability for our users

High Signup Rate

Partners achieve up to 50% user registration rate from our directory

Reach More Clicks

Featured visibility can generate up to 1000+ clicks per day

Premium Exposure

Featured on all AI tools pages for maximum visibility

Frequently Asked Questions

Find answers to common questions about our listing and featuring process

Why do you charge a verification fee?

We charge a verification fee to maintain the quality and reliability of the websites listed. It also allows us to sort through the many submissions we receive every day. This fee helps us conduct thorough reviews and support impartial assessments.

Are all websites accepted?

We are happy to accept most sites, as long as they comply with our standards. Before submitting, check if your website is already listed. All websites are manually reviewed. Approval is not guaranteed; we are looking for quality AI tools and novel use cases.

Do not submit affiliate links or shortened URLs as they will not be approved. Poorly designed websites, duplicate websites, adult content, and spammy sites will be rejected. If your website is not related to artificial intelligence, we won't be able to accept it.

Is NSFW content allowed?

No, NSFW content is strictly prohibited on our site.

What are featured listings? How do I feature my tool?

Featured ads are paid promotions that appear at the top of our site (or sometimes at the bottom). You can extend your display over several days to guarantee you maximum visibility for as long as you wish. These slots are often sold in advance.

How does the banner look when I'm featured?

1. Your tool will be displayed mainly as a banner, with a pink button on many pages.

2. You will be featured on our homepage, on all AI tools product pages and more.

3. You will also appear in first position on the home page and on the Full AI List

← In this example, Notion AI is highlighted
What's 7 days among the 8 featured?

This means that your tool will be placed among the 8 tools featured at the top of the home page. 3 days in first position and then 7 days more among the other places. (10 days in total)

Do I get a dofollow link with my listing?

No, all outbound links from AIxploria are nofollow. This helps maintain the integrity of our directory and follows best practices for external linking.

How long will my tool be on AIxploria?

Once your submission has been accepted, your tool will be present on the site forever. Except if it has been modified and no longer meets our criteria or no longer exists, in which case your tool will still be present on AIxploria, but placed in a special category called RIP.

What is your refund policy?

We offer a full refund if your AI tool is not accepted by our editorial team. Once a tool is accepted and published, refunds are not available.

I have a large budget. What options do I have?

For larger budgets and custom solutions, please contact our sales team. We can provide tailored options to meet your specific needs.

Do you offer free listings?

We no longer offer free listings. We need to maintain the premium quality of the websites in our directory. This sorting process has become too time-consuming due to the large number of submissions we receive every day.

Artificial intelligence for everyone

Resources
Tutorials, tips and blog
AI Conferences Agenda
AI Glossary & Lexicon
Explore AI Jobs
Newsletter
Useful Tools
Best AI Youtube Channels
Top 100 AI
GPTs List
Hubspot AI Tools
Best AI Agents
Company
Submit an AI Tool
Advertise
Update your tool
Feature your tool ★
Media Kit
About Us
Contact Us
© 2026 AIxploria. All rights reserved  
Cookie Policy
 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy